
0_kernel-hardening/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v8 4/4] Kselftest for module text allocation benchmarking
      1  Re: [PATCH v8 2/4] x86/modules: Increase randomization for modules
      1  Re: [PATCH v8 1/4] vmalloc: Add __vmalloc_node_try_addr function
      1  Re: [PATCH v8 0/4] KASLR feature to randomize each loadable module


0_linux-kernel/
=============
      5  Re: [PATCH] Revert "scripts/setlocalversion: git: Make -dirty check
      3  Re: [RFC PATCH] ptrace: add PTRACE_GET_SYSCALL_INFO request
      3  Re: [Patch v4 17/18] x86/speculation: Update SPEC_CTRL MSRs of remote
      2  Re: [RFC PATCH v1 1/2] x86/fpu: detect AVX task
      2  RE: [tip:irq/core] genirq/matrix: Improve target CPU selection for
      1  [RFC PATCH v2 2/2] proc: add /proc/<pid>/thread_state
      1  [RFC PATCH v2 1/2] x86/fpu: detect AVX task
      1  [PATCH] x86/cpufeatures: Add WBNOINVD feature definition
      1  [PATCH] sched/rt: Introduce prio_{higher,lower}() helper for comparing RT task prority
      1  [PATCH v2] objtool: fix .cold. functions parent symbols search
      1  Re: multiplexing /dev/console to all console= entries
      1  Re: [PATCH] regulator: bd71837: add <linux/of.h> to fix build errors
      1  Re: [PATCH] objtool: fix .cold. functions parent symbols search
      1  Re: [PATCH RFC] hist lookups
      1  Re: [PATCH RFC 1/1] drivers: pinctrl: qcom: add wakeup capability to
      1  Re: [LKP] [locks] dee160df82: BUG:KASAN:null-ptr-deref_in_l


1_kernel_test_robot/
=============
      1  sound/soc/qcom/sdm845.c:156:3-4: Unneeded semicolon
      1  [SPAM] Re: [PATCH v2 3/4] mm: convert totalram_pages and
      1  [SPAM] Re: [PATCH v2 1/4] mm: Fix multiple evaluvations of
      1  [LKP] [drivers/base] 1431aa42b3:
      1  [LKP] 80c70613c8 ("aaa"): BUG: KASAN: stack-out-of-bounds in
      1  [LKP] 44169d9694 [ 43.428254] BUG: sleeping function called from
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 4/4] mm: Remove managed_page_count spinlock
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 3/4] mm: convert totalram_pages and totalhigh_pages
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 1/4] mm: Fix multiple evaluvations of totalram_pages


Alan_Stern/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH V3 4/6] usb: ohci-platform: Add support for Broadcom STB
      1  Re: [PATCH 4/6] usb: gadget: add functions to signal udc driver to


Alan_Tull/
=============
      1  [PATCH 4/4] zynq-fpga: Only route PR via PCAP when required
      1  [PATCH 3/4] fpga: altera-cvp: Fix registration for CvP incapable devices
      1  [PATCH 2/4] fpga: dfl: fme: remove set but not used variable 'priv'
      1  [PATCH 1/4] fpga: altera-cvp: fix 'bad IO access' on x86_64
      1  [PATCH 0/4] patches for FPGA


Alexandre_Belloni/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH] rtc: pcf2127: fix a kmemleak caused in
      1  Re: [PATCH] rtc: hctosys: Add missing range error reporting
      1  Re: [PATCH 2/4] power: reset: at91-poweroff: move shdwc related data


Andrew_Morton/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH] lib/genaloc: Fix allocation of aligned buffer from
      2  Re: [PATCH 2/2] mm/sparse: add common helper to mark all memblocks
      1  Re: [RFC PATCH 4/5] mm, memory_hotplug: print reason for the
      1  Re: [PATCH] z3fold: encode object length in the handle
      1  Re: [PATCH] scripts/spdxcheck: make python3 compliant
      1  Re: [PATCH v2] ubsan: don't mark __ubsan_handle_builtin_unreachable
      1  Re: [PATCH V2] binder: ipc namespace support for android binder
      1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] mm: Introduce common STRUCT_PAGE_MAX_SHIFT define
      1  Re: [LKP] d50d82faa0 [ 33.671845] WARNING: possible circular


Andy_Shevchenko/
=============
      1  [PATCH v1] PCI: Move Rohm vendor ID to generic list


Arnd_Bergmann/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH] riscv: add asm/unistd.h UAPI header
      1  Re: [PATCH v2] ubsan: don't mark __ubsan_handle_builtin_unreachable
      1  Re: [PATCH 0/9] Regenerate arm64 defconfig for current kernel


Bart_Van_Assche/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH] block: respect virtual boundary mask in bvecs


CHROME_Olof_Johansson/
=============
      3  Re: [TECH TOPIC] SoC maintainer group
      2  Re: [PATCH v4 06/10] ARM: defconfig: Use the new FSL QSPI driver
      2  Re: [Ksummit-discuss] [TECH TOPIC] SoC maintainer group
      1  [GIT PULL] ARM: SoC fixes
      1  Re: [PATCH v2] ubsan: don't mark __ubsan_handle_builtin_unreachable
      1  Re: [GIT PULL] ARM: SoC fixes


Catalin_Marinas/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v10 12/22] kasan, arm64: fix up fault handling logic
      1  Re: [PATCH v10 08/22] kasan, arm64: untag address in __kimg_to_phys


Dan_Williams/
=============
      1  Re: [patch 0/2] Documentation/process: Add subsystem/tree handbook
      1  Re: [PATCH] libnvdimm: Fix __nd_ioctl() to check error in cmd_rc
      1  Re: [PATCH 7/8] device-dax: Add support for a dax override driver


Daniel_Mack/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH 08/24] leds: lt3593: Use led_compose_name()


Darren_Hart/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH] scripts/kconfig/merge_config: don't redefine 'y' to 'm'


David_Rientjes/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH] mm, slab: remove unnecessary unlikely()


David_S_Miller/
=============
      1  Re: [Patch net-next 00/12] provide new interfaces & bugfixes &
      1  Re: [PATCH net-next] net: hns3: Remove set but not used variable
      1  Re: [PATCH RFC] hist lookups


David_Teigland/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH 0/3] dlm: fix various incorrect behaviors


David_Woodhouse/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH] jffs2: implement mount option to configure endianness


Fabio_Estevam/
=============
      1  Re: [alsa-devel] [PATCH] ASoC: fsl_ssi: Change to use


Florian_Fainelli/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH V3 4/6] usb: ohci-platform: Add support for Broadcom STB
      1  Re: [PATCH v5 0/3] Stingray thermal driver support
      1  Re: [PATCH stable 4.9] posix-timers: Sanitize overrun handling


Frank_Rowand/
=============
      1  Re: [RFC v2 00/14] kunit: introduce KUnit, the Linux kernel unit


Grygorii_Strashko/
=============
      1  [PATCH 5/5] phy: core: clean up unused ethernet specific phy modes
      1  [PATCH 4/5] phy: mvebu-cp110-comphy: convert to use eth phy mode and submode


Guenter_Roeck/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH] dt-bindings: hwmon: tmp108: add optional interrupts and
      1  [GIT PULL] hwmon fixes for v4.20-rc2
      1  Re: [PATCH] Revert "scripts/setlocalversion: git: Make -dirty check


H_Peter_Anvin/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v9 02/10] Makefile: Prepare for using macros for inline asm


Heiko_Stuebner/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH] dt-bindings: hwmon: tmp108: add optional interrupts and #thermal-sensor-cells


Jacek_Anaszewski/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH] leds: trigger: Fix sleeping function called from invalid
      1  Re: [PATCH trivial] Documentation: ABI: led-trigger-pattern: Fix
      1  Re: [PATCH 08/24] leds: lt3593: Use led_compose_name()
      1  Re: [PATCH 03/24] leds: dt-bindings: Add LED_FUNCTION definitions
      1  Re: [PATCH 01/24] leds: class: Improve LED and LED flash class


Jacob_Pan/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v2] iommu/vt-d: respect max guest address width in agaw


Jarkko_Sakkinen/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v16 18/22] platform/x86: Intel SGX driver
      1  Re: [PATCH v15 23/23] x86/sgx: Driver documentation


Jens_Axboe/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH v2] block: respect virtual boundary mask in bvecs
      1  Re: [PATCH] MAINTAINERS: Fix remaining pointers to obsolete


Jeremy_Kerr/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH] Documentation: fix spelling mistake, EACCESS -> EACCES


Joerg_Roedel/
=============
      3  Re: [PATCH] iommu/ipmmu-vmsa: Fix crash on early domain free
      1  Re: [PATCH v2] iommu/vt-d: respect max guest address width in agaw


John_Garry/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH] of, numa: Validate some distance map rules
      1  Re: Crash report: Broken NUMA distance map causes crash on arm64


Jonathan_Derrick/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v2] PCI/MSI: Don't touch MSI bits when the PCI device is


Josh_Poimboeuf/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH] objtool: fix .cold. functions parent symbols search


Juergen_Gross/
=============
      1  [PATCH v2] x86/xen: fix pv boot


Laurent_Pinchart/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v2] [media] uvcvideo: Refactor teardown of uvc on USB disconnect


Linus_Torvalds/
=============
      1  Re: [GIT PULL] hwmon fixes for v4.20-rc2
      1  Re: [GIT PULL] HID fixes
      1  Re: [GIT PULL] ARM: SoC fixes


Logan_Gunthorpe/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH v9 02/10] Makefile: Prepare for using macros for inline
      2  Re: [PATCH 2/2] mm/sparse: add common helper to mark all memblocks
      1  [PATCH v2 2/2] mm/sparse: add common helper to mark all memblocks present
      1  [PATCH v2 1/2] mm: Introduce common STRUCT_PAGE_MAX_SHIFT define
      1  [PATCH v2 0/2] Introduce common code for risc-v sparsemem support
      1  [PATCH 2/2] mm/sparse: add common helper to mark all memblocks present
      1  [PATCH 1/2] mm: Introduce common STRUCT_PAGE_MAX_SHIFT define
      1  [PATCH 0/2] Introduce common code for risc-v sparsemem support


MEMCG_Michal_Hocko/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH v2] Document /proc/pid PID reuse behavior


Marc_Gonzalez/
=============
      1  [PATCH v2 9/9] arm64: defconfig: Drop redundant sound codec options
      1  [PATCH v2 8/9] arm64: defconfig: Change SCSI_UFS_HISI=m
      1  [PATCH v2 7/9] arm64: defconfig: Drop CRYPTO_DEV_FSL_DPAA2_CAAM
      1  [PATCH v2 6/9] arm64: defconfig: Drop redundant SND_SOC_ROCKCHIP_I2S
      1  [PATCH v2 5/9] arm64: defconfig: Replace PINCTRL_MT7622 with
      1  [PATCH v2 4/9] arm64: defconfig: Drop USB_ULPI_BUS and USB_CHIPIDEA_ULPI
      1  [PATCH v2 3/9] arm64: defconfig: Drop NF_CONNTRACK_IPV{4,6}
      1  [PATCH v2 2/9] arm64: defconfig: Drop ARM_BIG_LITTLE_CPUFREQ
      1  [PATCH v2 1/9] arm64: defconfig: Regenerate for v4.20
      1  [PATCH v2 0/9] Regenerate arm64 defconfig for current kernel
      1  [PATCH 9/9] arm64: defconfig: Drop redundant sound codec options
      1  [PATCH 8/9] arm64: defconfig: Change SCSI_UFS_HISI=m
      1  [PATCH 7/9] arm64: defconfig: Drop CRYPTO_DEV_FSL_DPAA2_CAAM
      1  [PATCH 6/9] arm64: defconfig: Drop redundant SND_SOC_ROCKCHIP_I2S
      1  [PATCH 5/9] arm64: defconfig: Replace PINCTRL_MT7622 with
      1  [PATCH 4/9] arm64: defconfig: Drop USB_ULPI_BUS and USB_CHIPIDEA_ULPI
      1  [PATCH 3/9] arm64: defconfig: Drop NF_CONNTRACK_IPV{4,6}
      1  [PATCH 2/9] arm64: defconfig: Drop ARM_BIG_LITTLE_CPUFREQ
      1  [PATCH 1/9] arm64: defconfig: Regenerate for v4.20
      1  [PATCH 0/9] Regenerate arm64 defconfig for current kernel
      1  Re: [PATCH 7/9] arm64: defconfig: Drop CRYPTO_DEV_FSL_DPAA2_CAAM
      1  Re: [PATCH 5/9] arm64: defconfig: Replace PINCTRL_MT7622 with
      1  Re: [PATCH 4/9] arm64: defconfig: Drop USB_ULPI_BUS and
      1  Re: [PATCH 2/9] arm64: defconfig: Drop ARM_BIG_LITTLE_CPUFREQ
      1  Re: [PATCH 0/9] Regenerate arm64 defconfig for current kernel


Mark_Brown/
=============
      1  Re: [alsa-devel] [PATCH] ASoC: core: Invoke pcm_new() for all


Mark_Rutland/
=============
      2  Re: [RFC PATCH] KVM: arm64: don't single-step for non-emulated faults
      1  Re: [PATCH v10 09/22] kasan: add tag related helper functions
      1  Re: [PATCH v10 08/22] kasan, arm64: untag address in __kimg_to_phys
      1  Re: [PATCH v10 07/22] kasan: initialize shadow to 0xff for tag-based
      1  Re: [PATCH v10 06/22] kasan, arm64: adjust shadow size for tag-based
      1  Re: [PATCH v10 05/22] kasan: add CONFIG_KASAN_GENERIC and


Mathieu_Poirier/
=============
      1  [PATCH v2 4/4] coresight: etm3x: Release CLAIM tag when operated from perf
      1  [PATCH v2 3/4] coresight: etm3x: Deal with CLAIM tag before and after accessing HW
      1  [PATCH v2 2/4] coresight: etf: Release CLAIM tag after disabling the HW
      1  [PATCH v2 0/4] coresight: Fix miscellaneous problems with CLAIM tags


Maxime_Ripard_/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH 11/15] Bluetooth: hci_bcm: Add BCM20702A1 variant


Michael_Ellerman/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v6 07/18] of: dynamic: change type of of_{at,de}tach_node() to void
      1  Re: Git pull ack emails..


Michael_Kerrisk/
=============
      1  Cgroups v2 bug: incorrect reporting in "domain threaded" cgroup.procs


Michael_S_Tsirkin/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH net-next v2 3/5] virtio_ring: add packed ring support


Nadav_Amit/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH v9 02/10] Makefile: Prepare for using macros for inline
      1  Re: [PATCH v9 02/10] Makefile: Prepare for using macros for inli=
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 2/7] x86/jump_label: Use text_poke_early() during =
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 2/7] x86/jump_label: Use text_poke_early() during


Nishanth_Menon/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH] arm64: dts: k3-am65-wakeup: Fix wakeup_uart reg address


Oleg_Nesterov/
=============
      1  Re: [RFC PATCH] ptrace: add PTRACE_GET_SYSCALL_INFO request


P1_devicetree/
=============
      1  [PATCH RESEND v3 2/2] dt-bindings/interrupt-controller: pdc: fix example to match actual bindings
      1  [PATCH RESEND v3 1/2] arm64: dts: msm: add PDC device bindings for sdm845


P1_kvm/
=============
      2  Re: [RFC PATCH v4 01/13] ktask: add documentation
      2  Re: [PATCH kvm-unit-tests] x86: nVMX: Test of IA32_TSC on VM-exit
      1  [PATCH] KVM: x86: Fix kernel info-leak in KVM_HC_CLOCK_PAIRING hypercall
      1  [PATCH v4] x86: load FPU registers on return to userland
      1  [PATCH kvm-unit-tests] x86: nVMX: Test of IA32_TSC on VM-exit
      1  [PATCH 23/23] x86/fpu: Defer FPU state load until return to userspace
      1  [PATCH 22/23] x86/fpu: Don't restore the FPU state directly from userland in __fpu__restore_sig()
      1  [PATCH 21/23] x86/fpu: Update xstate's PKRU value on write_pkru()
      1  [PATCH 20/23] x86/fpu: Prepare copy_fpstate_to_sigframe() for TIF_NEED_FPU_LOAD
      1  [PATCH 19/23] x86/fpu: Always store the registers in copy_fpstate_to_sigframe()
      1  [PATCH 18/23] x86/entry: Add TIF_NEED_FPU_LOAD
      1  [PATCH 17/23] x86/fpu: Eager switch PKRU state
      1  [PATCH 16/23] x86/pkeys: Don't check if PKRU is zero before writting it
      1  [PATCH 15/23] x86/fpu: Only write PKRU if it is different from current
      1  [PATCH 14/23] x86/pkeys: Make init_pkru_value static
      1  [PATCH 13/23] x86/fpu: Make get_xsave_field_ptr() and get_xsave_addr() use feature number instead of mask
      1  [PATCH 12/23] x86/fpu: Make __raw_xsave_addr() use feature number instead of mask
      1  [PATCH 11/23] x86/fpu: Add (__)make_fpregs_active helpers
      1  [PATCH 10/23] x86/entry: Remove _TIF_ALLWORK_MASK
      1  [PATCH 09/23] x86/fpu: Remove user_fpu_begin()
      1  [PATCH 08/23] x86/fpu: Remove fpu->initialized
      1  [PATCH 07/23] x86/fpu: Remove fpu->initialized usage in copy_fpstate_to_sigframe()
      1  [PATCH 06/23] x86/fpu: Always init the `state' in fpu__clear()
      1  [PATCH 05/23] x86/fpu: Remove preempt_disable() in fpu__clear()
      1  [PATCH 04/23] x86/entry/32: Remove asm/math_emu.h include
      1  [PATCH 03/23] x86/fpu: Remove fpu__restore()
      1  [PATCH 02/23] x86/fpu: Remove fpu->initialized usage in __fpu__restore_sig()
      1  [PATCH 01/23] x86/fpu: Use ULL for shift in xfeature_uncompacted_offset()
      1  Re: [RFC PATCH v4 00/13] ktask: multithread CPU-intensive kernel work
      1  Re: [Qemu-devel] [QEMU PATCH v2 0/2]: KVM: i386: Add support for save
      1  Re: [PATCH] KVM: nVMX/nSVM: Fix bug which sets vcpu->arch.tsc_offset
      1  Re: KMSAN: kernel-infoleak in kvm_write_guest_page
      1  KMSAN: kernel-infoleak in kvm_write_guest_page


P1_linux-mm/
=============
      1  [PATCH 5/5] mm: Target compaction on pageblocks that were recently fragmented
      1  [PATCH 4/5] mm: Stall movable allocations until kswapd progresses during serious external fragmentation event
      1  [PATCH 3/5] mm: Reclaim small amounts of memory when an external fragmentation event occurs
      1  [PATCH 2/5] mm: Move zone watermark accesses behind an accessor
      1  [PATCH 2/2] mm: ksm: do not block on page lock when searching stable tree
      1  [PATCH 1/5] mm, page_alloc: Spread allocations across zones before introducing fragmentation
      1  [PATCH 1/2] mm: vmscan: skip KSM page in direct reclaim if priority is low
      1  [PATCH 0/5] Fragmentation avoidance improvements v2


P1_netdev/
=============
      2  Re: [RFC perf,bpf 5/5] perf util: generate bpf_prog_info_event for
      1  WARNING in rollback_registered_many (2)
      1  Re: [RFC perf,bpf 1/5] perf, bpf: Introduce PERF_RECORD_BPF_EVENT
      1  Re: [PATCH net-next] inet: minor optimization for backlog setting in


PERFORMANCE_EVENTS_Arnaldo_Carvalho_de_Melo/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH RFC] hist lookups


Paul_E_McKenney/
=============
      2  Re: [patch 2/2] Documentation/process: Add tip tree handbook
      1  Re: [LKP] [EXP rcu] 258ba8e089:
      1  Question on comment header for for_each_domain()


Peter_Zijlstra/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH] sched/rt: Introduce prio_{higher,lower}() helper for


Rich_Felker/
=============
      1  Re: RFC: userspace exception fixups


Richard_Weinberger/
=============
      1  [PATCH v2] ubifs: Handle re-linking of inodes correctly while recovery
      1  [PATCH 2/2] ubi: Expose the bitrot interface
      1  [PATCH 1/2] ubi: Introduce in_pq()


Rob_Herring/
=============
      1  [PATCH] of/pdt: Remove unused of_pdt_build_more function ptr
      1  [PATCH 8/8] sparc: Use device_type helpers to access the node type
      1  [PATCH 7/8] sparc: Remove unused leon_trans_init
      1  [PATCH 6/8] sparc: Use of_node_name_eq for node name comparisons
      1  [PATCH 5/8] sparc: Convert to using %pOFn instead of device_node.name
      1  [PATCH 4/8] sparc: Convert to using %pOF instead of full_name
      1  [PATCH 3/8] sparc: prom: use property "name" directly to construct node names
      1  [PATCH 2/8] of: Drop full path from Sparc PDT full_name
      1  [PATCH 1/8] fs/openpromfs: use full_name instead of path_component_name
      1  [PATCH 0/8] sparc: OF name and device_type rework


Robert_Richter/
=============
      1  [PATCH 10/10] irqchip/gic-v3-its: Initialize MSIs with
      1  [PATCH 09/10] irqchip/gic-v3-its: Initialize its nodes later
      1  [PATCH 08/10] irqchip/gic-v3-its: Decouple its initialization from
      1  [PATCH 07/10] irqchip/gic-v3-its: Split probing from its node
      1  [PATCH 06/10] irqchip/gic-v3-its: Initialize its nodes in probe order
      1  [PATCH 05/10] fsl-mc/dprc-driver: Remove domain init order
      1  [PATCH 04/10] irqchip/irq-gic-v3-its-fsl-mc-msi: Remove domain init
      1  [PATCH 03/10] irqchip/irq-gic-v3-its-pci-msi: Remove domain init
      1  [PATCH 02/10] irqchip/gic-v3-its-platform-msi: Remove domain init
      1  [PATCH 01/10] irqdomain: Add interface to request an irq domain
      1  [PATCH 00/10] irqdomain, gic-v3-its: Implement late irq domain


Roger_Pau_Monné/
=============
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3 5/7] vpci: fix execution of long running


Sagi_Grimberg/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v2] block: respect virtual boundary mask in bvecs


Shuah_Khan/
=============
      1  Re: [RFC v2 01/14] kunit: test: add KUnit test runner core


Srinivas_Pandruvada/
=============
      4  Re: [PATCH 2/4] x86/amd_nb: add support for newer PCI topologies


Stefan_Agner/
=============
      1  [PATCH] remove unneeded naked function usage
      1  [PATCH] ARM: remove naked function usage
      1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] ARM: copypage-fa: add kto and kfrom to input operands


Stefan_Wahren/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH] thermal: bcm2835: enable hwmon explicitly


Stephen_Boyd/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH v9 3/5] clk: imx: add SCCG PLL type
      1  Re: [PATCH v3] clk: qoriq: add more chips support
      1  Re: [PATCH 1/4] of/device: Add a way to probe drivers by match data
      1  RE: [PATCH v3] clk: qoriq: add more chips support


Steven_Rostedt/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH] kernel/time/posix-cpu-timers: Remove useless call to


Sudeep_Holla/
=============
      1  [RFC PATCH] Documentation: DT: arm: add support for sockets defining package boundaries


Tejun_Heo/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v14 00/12] Enable cpuset controller in default hierarchy


Theodore_Tso/
=============
      3  Re: [TECH TOPIC] SoC maintainer group
      1  Re: [PATCH] ext4: missing !bh check in ext4_xattr_inode_write()
      1  Re: [PATCH 6/7] ext4: lost brelse in ext4_xattr_move_to_block()
      1  Re: [PATCH 5/7] ext4: bs.bh cleanup before re-using in
      1  Re: [PATCH 4/7] ext4: lost brelse in ext4_xattr_get_block()
      1  Re: [PATCH 3/3] drivers/char/random.c: make primary_crng static
      1  Re: [PATCH 2/3] drivers/char/random.c: remove unused stuct
      1  Re: [PATCH 1/3] drivers/char/random.c: constify poolinfo_table


Thomas_Gleixner/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH 2/2] mm/sparse: add common helper to mark all memblocks
      1  subsys/component: Make reservation_count() static
      1  subsys/component: Make reservation_count static
      1  [patch 2/2] Documentation/process: Add tip tree handbook
      1  [patch 1/2] Documentation/process: Add maintainer handbooks section
      1  [patch 0/2] Documentation/process: Add subsystem/tree handbook
      1  [PATCH V2] sub/sys: Condensed patch summary
      1  [PATCH V2 M/N] sub/sys: Condensed patch summary
      1  Re: [patch 2/2] Documentation/process: Add tip tree handbook
      1  Re: [patch 0/2] Documentation/process: Add subsystem/tree handbook
      1  Re: [Patch v4 17/18] x86/speculation: Update SPEC_CTRL MSRs of remote
      1  RE: [tip:irq/core] genirq/matrix: Improve target CPU selection for


Uwe_Kleine-König/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH 2/2] pwm: bcm-kona: apply pwm settings on enable
      1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] pwm: kconfig: enable kona pwm to be built for cygnus


Wei_Liu/
=============
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3] mm/page_alloc: make bootscrub happen in


X86_Borislav_Petkov/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH 2/4] x86/amd_nb: add support for newer PCI topologies
      1  [PATCH 16/16] x86/microcode/AMD: Update copyright
      1  [PATCH 15/16] x86/microcode/AMD: Check the equivalence table size when scanning it
      1  [PATCH 14/16] x86/microcode/AMD: Convert CPU equivalence table variable into a struct
      1  [PATCH 13/16] x86/microcode/AMD: Check microcode container data in the late loader
      1  [PATCH 12/16] x86/microcode/AMD: Fix container size's type
      1  [PATCH 11/16] x86/microcode/AMD: Convert early parser to the new verification routines
      1  [PATCH 10/16] x86/microcode/AMD: Change verify_patch()'s return value
      1  [PATCH 09/16] x86/microcode/AMD: Move chipset-specific check into verify_patch()
      1  [PATCH 08/16] x86/microcode/AMD: Move patch family check to verify_patch()
      1  [PATCH 07/16] x86/microcode/AMD: Simplify patch family detection
      1  [PATCH 06/16] x86/microcode/AMD: Concentrate patch verification
      1  [PATCH 05/16] x86/microcode/AMD: Cleanup verify_patch_size() more
      1  [PATCH 04/16] x86/microcode/AMD: Clean up per-family patch size checks
      1  [PATCH 03/16] x86/microcode/AMD: Move verify_patch_size() up in the file
      1  [PATCH 02/16] x86/microcode/AMD: Add microcode container verification
      1  [PATCH 01/16] x86/microcode/AMD: Subtract SECTION_HDR_SIZE from file leftover length
      1  [PATCH 00/16] x86/microcode/AMD: Improve container verification
      1  Re: [PATCH] EDAC, skx: Better fix for randconfig builds
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 -next] edac: i82975x: remove set but not used variable


amd-gfx/
=============
      1  Re: radeon vs radeonfb Mobility quirks (Thinkpad X32)


bcm-kernel-feedback-list/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] pwm: kconfig: enable kona pwm to be built for cygnus


cgroups/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH] cpuset: remove set but not used variable 'cs'
      1  Re: [PATCH v5 3/5] cgroup/cpuset: make callback_lock raw
      1  Re: [PATCH v14 10/12] cpuset: Add documentation about the new
      1  Re: [PATCH v14 05/12] cpuset: Add an error state to
      1  Re: [PATCH v14 00/12] Enable cpuset controller in default hierarchy


dri-devel/
=============
      1  [PATCH v3 6/8] drm/panel: simple: Add support for the LeMaker BL035-RGB-002 3.5" LCD
      1  [PATCH v3 5/8] dt-bindings: Add bindings for the LeMaker BL035-RGB-002 LCD panel
      1  [PATCH v3 4/8] dt-bindings: Add vendor prefix for LeMaker
      1  [PATCH v3 3/8] drm/sun4i: tcon: Support an active-low DE signal with RGB interface
      1  [PATCH v3 2/8] drm/sun4i: tcon: Get the connector from the encoder in RGB setup
      1  [PATCH v3 1/8] drm/sun4i: tcon: Pass encoder to RGB setup function
      1  [PATCH NOT FOR MERGE v3 8/8] ARM: dts: sun7i-a20-bananapi: Add bindings for the LeMaker 3.5" LCD
      1  [PATCH NOT FOR MERGE v3 7/8] ARM: dts: sun7i: Add pinmux configuration for LCD0 RGB888 pins
      1  Re: [PATCH v5 5/5] drm/i915: Add short HPD IRQ storm detection for


embeddedor_com/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH V3 4/6] usb: ohci-platform: Add support for Broadcom STB


iommu/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH] iommu/ipmmu-vmsa: Fix crash on early domain free


kbuild-all/
=============
      1  [PATCH] soc: qcom: fix semicolon.cocci warnings


kernel-janitors/
=============
      1  [PATCH][i3c-next] i3c: fix incorrect update to max_read_ds


kgdb-bugreport/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 4/4] kdb: Don't back trace on a cpu that didn't round up
      1  Re: [PATCH v3 3/4] kgdb: Don't round up a CPU that failed rounding up before


kvm-arm/
=============
      2  Re: [RFC PATCH] KVM: arm64: don't single-step for non-emulated faults
      1  [RFC PATCH] KVM: arm64: don't single-step for non-emulated faults
      1  Re: [PATCH v4 06/10] ARM: defconfig: Use the new FSL QSPI driver
      1  Re: [PATCH 1/2] ARM: copypage-fa: add kto and kfrom to input operands


kvm-ppc/
=============
      1  Re: KVM: PPC: Move and undef TRACE_INCLUDE_PATH/FILE


linux-arm-kernel/
=============
      1  Re: sama5d: using the ebi interface from another driver


linux-clk/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v9 3/5] clk: imx: add SCCG PLL type
      1  Re: [Ksummit-discuss] [TECH TOPIC] SoC maintainer group


linux-crypto/
=============
      1  Re: [Qestion] Lots of memory leaks when mounting and unmounting nfs
      1  Re: [PATCH 5/5] crypto: crypto_user_stat: fix use_after_free of
      1  Re: [PATCH 3/5] crypto: crypto_user_stat: split user space crypto
      1  Re: [PATCH 2/5] crypto: crypto_user_stat: convert all stats from u32
      1  Re: [PATCH 1/5] crypto: crypto_user_stat: made crypto_user_stat


linux-doc/
=============
      4  Re: [PATCH v2] Document /proc/pid PID reuse behavior
      1  [PATCH v2 2/2] kernel-doc: extend $type_param to match members referenced by pointer
      1  [PATCH v2 1/2] kernel-doc: kill trailing whitespace
      1  [PATCH v2 0/2] kernel-doc: extend $type_param to match members referenced by pointer
      1  Re: [PATCH] kernel-doc: extend $type_param to match members
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 2/2] kernel-doc: extend $type_param to match members


linux-ext4/
=============
      1  [PATCH v2] ext4: lost brelse in __ext4_read_dirblock()
      1  Re: [PATCH 1/7] ext4: lost brelse in __ext4_read_dirblock()


linux-fpga/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCHv10 8/8] firmware: add remote status update client support
      1  Re: [PATCHv10 3/8] firmware: add Intel Stratix10 service layer driver


linux-fsdevel/
=============
      3  Re: [PATCH] fs/proc: introduce /proc/stat2 file
      1  Re: [PATCH] utimensat: AT_EMPTY_PATH support
      1  Re: [PATCH 6/6] fuse: Verify userspace asks to requeue interrupt that


linux-gpio/
=============
      4  Re: [PATCH 1/3] i3c: master: Add driver for Synopsys DesignWare IP
      1  [PATCH v3 4/4] pinctrl: mediatek: Add initial pinctrl driver for MT6797 SoC
      1  [PATCH v3 3/4] arm64: dts: mediatek: x20: Add pinmux support for UART1
      1  [PATCH v3 2/4] arm64: dts: mediatek: mt6797: Add pinctrl support
      1  [PATCH v3 1/4] dt-bindings: pinctrl: Add devicetree bindings for MT6797 SoC Pinctrl
      1  [PATCH v3 0/4] Add initial pinctrl support for MT6797 SoC
      1  [PATCH 3/3] ARM: OMAP1: ams-delta: Move AMS_DELTA_LATCH2_NGPIO to the board file
      1  [PATCH 2/3] ARM: OMAP1: ams-delta: Drop unused symbols from the board header
      1  [PATCH 1/3] ARM: OMAP1: ams-delta: Drop board specific global GPIO numbers
      1  [PATCH 0/3] ARN: OMAP1: ams-delta: Post-GPIO-refresh cleanups
      1  Re: [PATCH] pinctrl: zynq: Use define directive for PIN_CONFIG_IO_STANDARD
      1  Re: [PATCH v1 1/1] pinctrl: nuvoton: modify NPCM7xx pin configuration function


linux-hwmon/
=============
      5  Re: [PATCH 2/4] x86/amd_nb: add support for newer PCI topologies
      1  [tip:x86/amd-nb] x86/amd_nb: Add support for newer PCI topologies
      1  [tip:x86/amd-nb] x86/amd_nb: Add PCI device IDs for family 17h,
      1  [tip:x86/amd-nb] hwmon/k10temp: Add support for AMD family 17h,
      1  [tip:x86/amd-nb] hwmon/k10temp, x86/amd_nb: Consolidate shared


linux-i2c/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 0/2] i2c-omap: Enable i2c-omap driver for AM654 SoCs


linux-iio/
=============
      1  [PATCH v7 2/2] iio: light: Add device tree binding for vishay vcnl4035
      1  [PATCH v7 1/2] iio: light: Add support for vishay vcnl4035
      1  [PATCH 3/3] staging: iio: ad7780: generates pattern_mask from PAT
      1  [PATCH 2/3] staging: iio: ad7780: check if ad778x before gain update
      1  [PATCH 1/3] staging: iio: ad7780: Add is_ad778x flag chip info
      1  [PATCH 0/3] staging: iio: ad7780: pattern generation and gain update
      1  Re: [PATCH v7 1/2] iio: light: Add support for vishay vcnl4035


linux-input/
=============
      2  [PATCH] input: cros_ec_keyb: fix button/switch capability reports


linux-kbuild/
=============
      1  Makefile:611: include/config/auto.conf: No such file or directory


linux-media/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v4 3/4] media: i2c: Add MAX9286 driver


linux-mtd/
=============
      5  Re: [PATCH] jffs2: implement mount option to configure endianness
      1  Re: [PATCH] ubifs: CONFIG_UBIFS_FS_AUTHENTICATION should depend on UBIFS_FS
      1  Re: [PATCH RESEND v4 1/5] spi: spi-mem: Add driver for NXP FlexSPI


linux-pci/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH v2] PCI/MSI: Don't touch MSI bits when the PCI device is


linux-perf-users/
=============
      1  [PATCH] perf script: share code and output format for uregs and iregs
      1  Re: PEBS level 2/3 breaks dwarf unwinding! [WAS: Re: Broken dwarf


linux-pm/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH v8 03/15] PM: Introduce an Energy Model management framework
      1  [PATCH v2 05/11] Doc: DT: thermal: new irq-mode for trip point
      1  [PATCH v2 04/11] Doc: thermal: new irq-mode for trip point
      1  [PATCH v2 03/11] thermal: add new sysfs file for irq-mode
      1  [PATCH v2 02/11] thermal: add irq-mode configuration for trip point
      1  [PATCH v2 01/11] thermal: remove unused function parameter
      1  [PATCH v2 00/11] thermal: add new flag irq-mode for trip point
      1  Re: [PATCH v8 03/15] PM: Introduce an Energy Model management
      1  RE: [RFC/RFT][PATCH v3] cpuidle: New timer events oriented governor for tickless systems


linux-rdma/
=============
      1  general protection fault in rdma_listen (2)


linux-riscv/
=============
      1  Re: [PATCH] riscv: add asm/unistd.h UAPI header


linux-s390/
=============
      2  Re: [PATCH v1 4/7] vfio: ap: AP Queue Interrupt Control VFIO ioctl
      1  Re: [PATCH v1 6/7] vfio: ap: register guest ISC with GISA and GIB


linux-samsung-soc/
=============
      1  [PATCH] cpufreq: s3c24xx: Change to use DEFINE_SHOW_ATTRIBUTE macro
      1  [PATCH v2 11/11] arm: dts: exynos5410: add support for thermal trip
      1  [PATCH v2 10/11] arm: dts: exynos5422: add support for thermal trip
      1  [PATCH v2 09/11] arm: dts: exynos5420: add support for thermal trip
      1  [PATCH v2 08/11] arm: dts: exynos4: add support for thermal trip
      1  [PATCH v2 07/11] arm64: dts: exynos7: add support for thermal trip
      1  [PATCH v2 06/11] arm64: dts: exynos5433: add support for thermal


linux-sgx/
=============
      3  Re: RFC: userspace exception fixups
      1  Re: [PATCH v16 18/22] platform/x86: Intel SGX driver
      1  Re: [PATCH v15 23/23] x86/sgx: Driver documentation


linux-tip-commits/
=============
      1  [tip:x86/cpu] x86/cpufeatures: Add WBNOINVD feature definition


linux-usb/
=============
      1  [PATCH] usb: dwc3: don't log probe deferrals; but do log other error codes


linuxppc-dev/
=============
      1  [RFC PATCH v1 6/6] powerpc/8xx: Add Kernel Userspace Access
      1  [RFC PATCH v1 5/6] powerpc/mm: Add a framework for Kernel Userspace
      1  [RFC PATCH v1 4/6] powerpc/8xx: Add Kernel Userspace Execution
      1  [RFC PATCH v1 3/6] powerpc: Add skeleton for Kernel Userspace
      1  [RFC PATCH v1 2/6] powerpc: Add framework for Kernel Userspace
      1  [PATCH] powerpc: Mark variable `cpumsr` as unused
      1  [PATCH] lkdtm: print real addresses
      1  [PATCH v1 1/6] powerpc/mm: Fix reporting of kernel execute faults
      1  Re: powerpc/npu-dma: Remove NPU DMA ops
      1  Re: [RFC PATCH v1 5/6] powerpc/mm: Add a framework for Kernel


lwn/
=============
      1  Re: [patch 0/2] Documentation/process: Add subsystem/tree handbook
      1  Re: [PATCH] doc-guide:kernel-doc.rst: Reference to foobar
      1  Re: [PATCH] [trivial] Documentation/ras: Typo s/use use/use/
      1  Re: [PATCH] Documentation: fix spelling mistake, EACCESS -> EACCES
      1  Re: [PATCH] Documentation: dynamic_debug: fix a couple of typos
      1  Re: [PATCH v2] Documentation: dynamic-debug: fix wildcard
      1  Re: [PATCH v2] Documentation/proc.txt: Add 2 missing fields for
      1  Re: [PATCH v2 2/2] kernel-doc: extend $type_param to match members
      1  Re: [PATCH resend] Documentation/dev-tools: clean up kselftest.rst
      1  Re: [PATCH V2] doc:it_IT: add some process/* translations


osuosl-devel/
=============
      1  [PATCH 3/3] staging: emxx_udc: Added missing le16_to_cpu conversions
      1  [PATCH 2/3] staging: emxx_udc: Added missing __iomem modifier to handle p_regs
      1  [PATCH 1/3] staging: emxx_udc: Added static modifier to udc_controller
      1  [PATCH 0/3] staging: emxx_udc: Fixed all meaningful sparse warnings


qemu-devel/
=============
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [Qemu-devel] [PATCH for-3.2 v3 13/14] hw/i386: add


stable/
=============
      1  [PATCH] libnvdimm: Fix __nd_ioctl() to check error in cmd_rc
      1  [PATCH] [stable, netdev 4.4+] lan78xx: make sure RX_ADDRL & RX_ADDRH regs are always up to date
      1  [PATCH] ARM: OMAP1: ams-delta: Fix possible use of uninitialized field
      1  [PATCH REGRESSION] Revert "ath10k: add quiet mode support for QCA6174/QCA9377"
      1  Re: [PATCH] libnvdimm: Fix __nd_ioctl() to check error in cmd_rc
      1  Re: [PATCH] [stable, netdev 4.4+] lan78xx: make sure RX_ADDRL &
      1  Re: [PATCH REGRESSION] Revert "ath10k: add quiet mode support for


virtualization/
=============
      1  [PATCH][drm-next] drm/virtio: fix memory leak of vfpriv on error return path


x86_Andy_Lutomirski/
=============
      1  Re: [RFC PATCH] ptrace: add PTRACE_GET_SYSCALL_INFO request
      1  Re: RFC: userspace exception fixups


xen-devel/
=============
      1  [Xen-devel] [xen-unstable-smoke test] 129564: tolerable all pass -
      1  [Xen-devel] [xen-unstable test] 129468: regressions - FAIL
      1  [Xen-devel] [xen-4.9-testing baseline-only test] 75578: regressions
      1  [Xen-devel] [xen-4.8-testing test] 129466: regressions - FAIL
      1  [Xen-devel] [ovmf test] 129535: regressions - FAIL
      1  [Xen-devel] [linux-linus bisection] complete test-amd64-amd64-xl
      1  [Xen-devel] [freebsd-master test] 129544: all pass - PUSHED
      1  [Xen-devel] [distros-debian-squeeze test] 75579: tolerable FAIL
      1  [SPAM] Re: [Xen-devel] [RFC PATCH v1 0/8] Series short
      1  [SPAM] Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2] mm/page_alloc: make
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] preparations for 4.11.1 and 4.8.5
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH] xen: sched: Credit2: during scheduling,
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH] xen: sched: Credit2: avoid looping too much
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v4 10/12] IOMMU: introduce IOMMU_MIXED
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v3] mm/page_alloc: make bootscrub happen in
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] [PATCH v2] x86/xen: fix pv boot
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] XSM SILO boot time spew
      1  Re: [Xen-devel] Guest soft lockups with "xen: make xen_qlock_wait()


